File Inclusion Vulnerabilities
Unlike directory traversals that
simply display the contents of a file,
File inclusion vulnerabilities allow
an attacker to include a file
into the application’s running code.
In order to actually exploit a
file inclusion vulnerability,
we must be able to not
only execute code,
but must also be able to write
our shell payload somewhere.
Local file inclusions occur
when the included file is loaded
from the same web server.
Remote file inclusions occur when a
file is loaded from an external source.
These vulnerabilities are commonly
found in PHP applications
but they can occur in other
programming languages as well.
The exploitation of these vulnerabilities
depends on the programming language
the application is written in
and the server configuration.
In the case of PHP,
the version of the language runtime
and web server configurations,
specifically php.ini values
such as register_globals
and allow_url wrappers,
make a considerable difference in how
these vulnerabilities can be exploited.
Note that directory traversal vulnerabilities
are often used in conjunction with LFI’s,
specifically to specify the file
used in the LFI payload.